EDU-18618: Update guides to standardize references to CMS terms (#785)
vtexdocs/help-center-content: docs/en/tracks/onboarding-guide/vtex-store-overview/planning-the-go-live.md

  <tbody>
    <tr class="bb b--muted-3">
      <td class="t-body pa5" style="min-width: 10rem;">Store Framework or FastStore (VTEX IO)</td>

>       <td class="t-body pa5" style="min-width: 10rem;">Request [internal DNS pointing for VTEX IO](/en/tracks/go-live-your-store--4Ns5FxIiksmjsdX2yOTduM/7sM5IMx02zaHvAFTm0OxiJ#requesting-io-pointing) by submitting a ticket to [VTEX Support](https://supporticket.vtex.com/support).<br> <br>More information in the articles:<ul><li>[Going live with a new store](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-go-live) (Store Framework)</li><li>[Migrating your storefront from CMS Portal (Legacy) to Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-migrating-storefront-from-legacy-to-io)</li><li>[Configuring external DNS for a custom domain](https://www.faststore.dev/docs/go-live/2-configuring-external-dns) (FastStore)</li></ul></td>

Author: ```suggestion
      <td class="t-body pa5" style="min-width: 10rem;">Request [internal DNS pointing for VTEX IO](/en/tracks/go-live-your-store--4Ns5FxIiksmjsdX2yOTduM/7sM5IMx02zaHvAFTm0OxiJ#requesting-io-pointing) by submitting a ticket to [VTEX Support](https://supporticket.vtex.com/support).<br> <br>More information in the articles:<ul><li>[Going live with a new store](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-go-live) (Store Framework)</li><li>[Migrating your storefront from CMS Portal (Legacy) to Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-migrating-storefront-from-legacy-to-io)</li><li>[Configuring external DNS for a custom domain](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) (FastStore)</li></ul></td>
```
